README.md, before:

# Pooping

**Track your throne time. Predict your next visit. Chat with fellow poopers.**

A humor-first bathroom session tracker built with React Native and Expo. Log sessions, analyze your patterns, get AI-powered predictions for your next visit, and chat with other users in real time.

## Features

### Session Tracking
- Live timer with haptic feedback and animated start/stop
- Quick log for manually adding past sessions
- Rate each session (1-5 stars) and add notes
- Escalating humor messages based on session duration
- Persistent notification when app is backgrounded

### Stats & Insights
- View stats by day, week, month, or all time
- Total sessions, average duration, longest session, streak count
- Time-of-day distribution bar chart
- Health insights with pattern analysis and regularity assessment

### Predictions
- Histogram-based prediction engine trained on your personal data
- Predicts your next session with a confidence percentage
- Live countdown to predicted time
- Peak hours, regularity score, and frequency patterns
- Unlocks after logging enough sessions

### Poop Buddy Chat
- Real-time buddy matching — get paired with someone also on the throne
- Live "poopers online" counter
- Public chat rooms (The Throne Room, Morning Regulars, Late Night Club, etc.)
- All chat features are session-gated — you must be actively pooping

### Achievements & Gamification
- Unlock badges for milestones (streaks, session counts, speed records)
- Achievement grid with locked/unlocked states and humor-filled flavor text

### Settings & Account
- Custom display name and avatar emoji
- Anonymous auth (no sign-up required)
- Optional email linking for data recovery
- Notification preferences
- Account deletion with cascading data cleanup

## Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|-----------|
| Framework | React Native + Expo SDK 54 |
| Language | TypeScript (strict mode) |
| Navigation | Expo Router (file-based) |
| State | Zustand + AsyncStorage |
| Backend | Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth, Realtime, Edge Functions) |
| Real-time | Supabase Broadcast + Presence channels |
| Notifications | expo-notifications (lazy-loaded for Expo Go compatibility) |
| Charts | react-native-gifted-charts |
| OTA Updates | EAS Update |

## Project Structure

```
app/
  (auth)/          # Welcome screen, anonymous sign-in
  (tabs)/          # Main tab screens (session, stats, predict, chat)
  chat/            # Chat room and buddy chat screens
  settings.tsx     # Profile, achievements, account management
src/
  components/      # Reusable UI components
  stores/          # Zustand stores (session, chat)
  prediction/      # Prediction engine
  humor/           # Jokes, messages, and fun copy
  lib/             # Supabase client, auth, database, notifications, realtime
  hooks/           # Custom React hooks
  types/           # TypeScript type definitions
supabase/
  migrations/      # 5 SQL migrations (profiles, sessions, chat, utilities, policies)
  functions/       # Edge Functions (keep-alive, delete-account)
  seed.sql         # Initial chat rooms
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Expo Go app (for mobile testing) or a development build
- Supabase project (local or hosted)

### Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Copy env template and fill in your Supabase credentials
cp .env.example .env

# Start the dev server (serves mobile + web)
npx expo start
```

Press `w` for web, scan the QR code with Expo Go for mobile.

### Database

```bash
# Push migrations to your Supabase project
npx supabase db push --include-seed

# Deploy Edge Functions
npx supabase functions deploy keep-alive --no-verify-jwt
npx supabase functions deploy delete-account
```

## OTA Updates

The app uses EAS Update for over-the-air updates. Users get new features without updating from the app store.

```bash
# Push an update to production
npm run update:production

# Push to preview channel
npm run update:preview
```

## Build & Submit

```bash
# Development build (for testing on real devices)
npm run build:dev:android
npm run build:dev:ios

# Production build
npm run build:production

# Submit to stores
npm run submit:android
npm run submit:ios
```

## Anti-Pause

Supabase free tier pauses after 1 week of inactivity. A GitHub Actions cron job pings the `keep-alive` Edge Function every 6 hours to prevent this.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Rename app to Throne with new branding and proprietary license
- Rename from Pooping to Throne across all config, UI, and legal docs
- New slogan: Every king needs a throne. Yours just happens to be porcelain.
- Replace MIT license with All Rights Reserved proprietary license
- Update bundle IDs to com.throneapp.app
- Re-link EAS project as @muhammadhamxa/throne-app
- Update contact emails to throneapp.co domain

README.md, after:

# Throne

**Every king needs a throne. Yours just happens to be porcelain.**

Throne turns your most private moments into your most productive ones. Track your sessions, discover your patterns, predict when nature will call next, and chat with fellow rulers in real time. Yes, we built an AI for that.

## Features

### Session Tracking
- Live timer with haptic feedback and animated start/stop
- Quick log for manually adding past sessions
- Rate each session (1-5 stars) and add notes
- Escalating humor messages based on session duration
- Persistent notification when app is backgrounded

### Stats & Insights
- View stats by day, week, month, or all time
- Total sessions, average duration, longest session, streak count
- Time-of-day distribution bar chart
- Health insights with pattern analysis and regularity assessment

### Predictions
- Histogram-based prediction engine trained on your personal data
- Predicts your next session with a confidence percentage
- Live countdown to predicted time
- Peak hours, regularity score, and frequency patterns
- Unlocks after logging enough sessions

### Poop Buddy Chat
- Real-time buddy matching — get paired with someone also on the throne
- Live "poopers online" counter
- Public chat rooms (The Throne Room, Morning Regulars, Late Night Club, etc.)
- All chat features are session-gated — you must be actively on the throne

### Achievements & Gamification
- Unlock badges for milestones (streaks, session counts, speed records)
- Achievement grid with locked/unlocked states and humor-filled flavor text

### Settings & Account
- Custom display name and avatar emoji
- Anonymous auth (no sign-up required)
- Optional email linking for data recovery
- Notification preferences
- Account deletion with cascading data cleanup

## Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|-----------|
| Framework | React Native + Expo SDK 54 |
| Language | TypeScript (strict mode) |
| Navigation | Expo Router (file-based) |
| State | Zustand + AsyncStorage |
| Backend | Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth, Realtime, Edge Functions) |
| Real-time | Supabase Broadcast + Presence channels |
| Notifications | expo-notifications (lazy-loaded for Expo Go compatibility) |
| Charts | react-native-gifted-charts |
| OTA Updates | EAS Update |

## Project Structure

```
app/
  (auth)/          # Welcome screen, anonymous sign-in
  (tabs)/          # Main tab screens (session, stats, predict, chat)
  chat/            # Chat room and buddy chat screens
  settings.tsx     # Profile, achievements, account management
src/
  components/      # Reusable UI components
  stores/          # Zustand stores (session, chat)
  prediction/      # Prediction engine
  humor/           # Jokes, messages, and fun copy
  lib/             # Supabase client, auth, database, notifications, realtime
  hooks/           # Custom React hooks
  types/           # TypeScript type definitions
supabase/
  migrations/      # 5 SQL migrations (profiles, sessions, chat, utilities, policies)
  functions/       # Edge Functions (keep-alive, delete-account)
  seed.sql         # Initial chat rooms
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Expo Go app (for mobile testing) or a development build
- Supabase project (local or hosted)

### Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Copy env template and fill in your Supabase credentials
cp .env.example .env

# Start the dev server (serves mobile + web)
npx expo start
```

Press `w` for web, scan the QR code with Expo Go for mobile.

### Database

```bash
# Push migrations to your Supabase project
npx supabase db push --include-seed

# Deploy Edge Functions
npx supabase functions deploy keep-alive --no-verify-jwt
npx supabase functions deploy delete-account
```

## OTA Updates

The app uses EAS Update for over-the-air updates. Users get new features without updating from the app store.

```bash
# Push an update to production
npm run update:production

# Push to preview channel
npm run update:preview
```

## Build & Submit

```bash
# Development build (for testing on real devices)
npm run build:dev:android
npm run build:dev:ios

# Production build
npm run build:production

# Submit to stores
npm run submit:android
npm run submit:ios
```

## Anti-Pause

Supabase free tier pauses after 1 week of inactivity. A GitHub Actions cron job pings the `keep-alive` Edge Function every 6 hours to prevent this.

## License

Copyright (c) 2026 Throne App. All rights reserved. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
